Graduate / Junior Developer, Python, Linux, C#, Java - Birmingham

(Teck stack: Graduate / Junior Developer, Python, Linux, C#, Java, .NET 5, C#, J2EE, Agile, TDD, BDD, Programmer, Engineer, Architect, Graduate / Junior Developer, Urgent)

Since 2006 our client's revolutionary marketing software platform has been helping businesses all over the world to attract, engage, and delight customers by delivering inbound experiences that are relevant, helpful, and personalized. Having recently launched in the UK, they looking to hire Graduate / Junior Developer (Python, Linux, C#, Java)) to become a part of their ever-growing family.

They believe that individual developers are in the best position to make decisions about what should be created, and how it should be built. Within their setup those decisions are made by small teams of three or four developers who own each piece of their product. This autonomy allows them to deploy 200+ times each day. They believe that problems are solved with technology and experience, not process, and that mistakes are a normal part of learning.

These roles would be suitable Graduate / Junior Developer who have recently graduated from university and have a basic understanding of any of the following technologies: Python, Linux, C# or Java; which might have been acquired as part of your degree course or through a placement year in industry.

At the center of our client's culture is freedom and openness which takes a lot of people by surprise. But the good kind of surprise, like a birthday party!

Their benefits include the following:

Private medial healthcare (family plan included).
Bonus (12%).
Student loan reimbursement. They will pay £5'000 per year towards the outstanding balance of your student loan.
Unlimited holiday allowance.
Company pension.
Free books and beers, and a 24/7 snack wall!
Our client is building a company people love. A company that will stand the test of time. So, they invest in their people, and optimize for your long-term happiness. If you would like to explore the possibility of joining their family can you please send your CV to Richard Gibson at Noir.

Location: Birmingham / Remote

Salary: £30k - £40k + Bonus + Pension + Benefits

Noir continues to be the leading Microsoft recruitment agency; we can help you make the right career decisions!